#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via redis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
authlib==1.5.2
    # via drf-oidc-auth
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via django-helusers
cattrs==24.1.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-autocomplete-filter
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-jinja
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-redis
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-searchable-encrypted-fields
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-bulk
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-admin-autocomplete-filter==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-image-cropping
django-cleanup==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-gis
django-haystack==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-image-cropping==1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jinja==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mailer==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modeltranslation==0.19.14
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-orghierarchy
django-munigeo==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements.in
django-orghierarchy==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via django-munigeo
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-rest-knox==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-searchable-encrypted-fields==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework-bulk
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
djangorestframework-bulk==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-gis==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
elasticsearch==7.17.12
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httmock==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
icalendar==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   url-normalize
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
ipython==8.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rdflib
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-jinja
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
libvoikko==4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-docx
markdown==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
num2words==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   django-haystack
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via requests-cache
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.22.0
    # via django-searchable-encrypted-fields
pygments==2.19.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via social-auth-core
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via rdflib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   icalendar
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.4.0
    # via django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
    #   drf-spectacular
rdflib==6.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==6.0.0
    # via django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-orghierarchy
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   httmock
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via python-jose
sentry-sdk[django]==2.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   ecdsa
    #   isodate
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
swapper==1.4.0
    # via django-orghierarchy
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cattrs
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ipython
    #   python-docx
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via icalendar
ujson==5.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
url-normalize==2.2.1
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlsxwriter==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
